[workers] add routing to source-of-truth (#6424)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/configuration.md

If you change your environment variables in the Cloudflare dashboard, Wrangler will override them the next time you deploy. If you want to disable this behavior, add `keep_vars = true` to your `wrangler.toml`.

> Changing routes in your `wrangler.toml` will behave in a similar way, overriding any routes currently deployed. At the moment, there is no way to disable this behaviour.

Reviewer: Is this sentence saying that route changes to the `wrangler.toml` will override existing routes in the dashboard?

Author: Yeah. I asked @Skye-31, as I am not as proficient with `wrangler` as they are, and it seems routes will always be overwritten when your `wrangler.toml` changes, even if you have `keep_vars` enabled.

Reviewer 2: It does, I tested at the time of being asked 🙂

Reviewer 3: Thanks @Skye-31 for pointing that out. It saved me a huge headache

> Changing routes in your `wrangler.toml` will behave in a similar way, overriding any routes currently deployed. At the moment, there is no way to disable this behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change your routes in the dashboard, Wrangler will override them in the next deploy with the routes you have set in your `wranglr.toml`. Currently, there is no way to disable this behaviour.
```
